Added freshchat-segment documentation and relevant images (#5165)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/freshchat-source/index.md

4. Click **Add Source** to save your settings.
5. Copy the Write key from the Segment UI to use in Freshchat.
6. Log in to your Freshchat account.
7. In Freshchat, navigate to Admin → Marketplace Apps → Segment Integration.
8. Paste the your Segment write key and click **Authenticate account** to connect.
9. After your account is authenticated, select one or more of the following events to send to Segment:
    - onAgentActivityCreate
    - onConversationCreate
    - onConversationUpdate
    - onMessageCreate
For more information about Product Events, see the [Freshchat Product Events](https://developers.freshchat.com/v2/docs/product-events/){:target="_blank”} documentation.
10. There are [4 events](https://developers.freshchat.com/v2/docs/product-events/#) that can be pushed to Segment. You will be able to choose the events that you want to send to Segment
11. You can add/remove the events that you want to send anytime after the app installation

### Events

The table below lists events that Freshchat sends to Segment. These events appear as tables in your warehouse and as regular events in other Destinations. Freshchat includes the userId if available.

> | Event Name | Description |
> | --- | --- |
> | onAgentActivityCreate | When the general availability or Intelliassign status changes |
> | onConversationCreate | When a conversation is initiated by a user |
> | onConversationUpdate  | When a conversation is:<br> - Assigned to an agent or group <br> - Reassigned to an agent <br> - Resolved or opened |
> | onMessageCreate | When a message is posted, either by the agent or user |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Event Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| On Agent Activity Create | When the general availability or Intelliassign status changes |
| On Conversation Create | When a conversation is initiated by a user |
| On Conversation Update  | When a conversation is:<br> - Assigned to an agent or group <br> - Reassigned to an agent <br> - Resolved or opened |
| On Message Create | When a message is posted, either by the agent or user |
```

@vjragz19 per our conversation in the review ticket, please update this table to reflect the event names in the new event casing

Author: Made this change.

> 

Reviewer 2: Hi Thomas, since we have a huge number of properties associated with the event, we are hyperlinking our documentation. Hope that's fine

> 

Reviewer: @vjragz19 thanks for clarifying, this will be sufficient

2. Search for "Freshchat" in the Sources Catalog, select Freshchat, and click **Add Source**.
3. On the next screen, give the Source a nickname and configure any other settings.
    - The nickname is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The nickname can be anything, but Segment recommend using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. Freshchat_Prod, Freshchat_Staging, Freshchat_Dev).
4. Click **Add Source** to save your settings.
5. Copy the Write key from the Segment UI to use in Freshchat.
6. Log in to your Freshchat account.
7. In Freshchat, navigate to Admin → Marketplace Apps → Segment Integration.
8. Paste the your Segment write key and click **Authenticate account** to connect.
9. After your account is authenticated, select one or more of the following events to send to Segment:
    - On Agent Activity Create
    - On Conversation Create
    - On Conversation Update
    - On Message Create
For more information about Product Events, see the [Freshchat Product Events](https://developers.freshchat.com/v2/docs/product-events/){:target="_blank”} documentation.

> 10. There are [4 events](https://developers.freshchat.com/v2/docs/product-events/#) that can be pushed to Segment. You will be able to choose the events that you want to send to Segment

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
10. There are [four events](https://developers.freshchat.com/v2/docs/product-events/#){:target="_blank"} that can be pushed to Segment. You can choose the events that you want to send to Segment.
```

> ### Freshchat Source

Reviewer 3: Hi @jerusheya-johnson - this block of code powers the programatically generated content on this page and on other pages (for example, it'll show up in lists of event cloud sources in the docs.) The `title` attribute is the title of the page, the `hidden` and `beta` values help inform the autogenerated lists in the docs, and the `id` attribute uniquely identifies this source. 

```suggestion
---
title: Freshchat Source
hidden: true
beta: true
id: xqegKCQA0W
---
```

Reviewer 2: @forstisabella What is the id that you have specified here? Where can I find this?

Reviewer 3: This ID is from Segment's [Public API](http://segment.com/docs/api/public-api/).

Reviewer 2: We have added the ID that you have specified.

> **Freshchat** is a modern messaging software built for sales and customer engagement teams to talk to customers across various channels like website, email and social channels

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Freshchat](https://www.freshworks.com/live-chat-software/){:target="_blank”} is a modern messaging software built for sales and customer engagement teams to talk to customers across websites, emails and social networks.
```

Author: Done.

> This is an [Event Cloud Source](https://segment.com/docs/sources/#event-cloud-sources) which can not only export data into your Segment warehouse, but they can also federate the exported data into your other enabled Segment Destinations.

Reviewer 3: We can remove this line in the docs - there is an autogenerated note that explains what cloud sources are. That note looks like this:
![7148986E-17E4-4D0A-9237-F46411512995_4_5005_c](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/assets/92472883/eddb0c85-3944-41bb-a9e3-8f1da7bb8985)

```suggestion
```

Author: Removed the lines.

> This source is maintained by Freshworks. For any issues with the source, contact the [**Freshchat Support team**](mailto:support@freshdesk.com)

Reviewer 3: We typically like to avoid bolding links in our docs!

```suggestion
This source is maintained by Freshworks. For any issues with the source, contact the [Freshchat Support team](mailto:support@freshdesk.com).
```

Author: Made the change.

> ### Getting Started:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Getting started
```

Author: Made the change.

> Before you start, make sure that you have admin rights in both Aircall and Segment.

Reviewer 3: Does a user need to access Aircall while setting up the Freshchat source?

```suggestion
Before you start, make sure that you have admin rights in Freshchat and [Workspace Owner or Source Admin roles](/docs/segment-app/iam/roles/) in Segment.
```

Author: Made the change.

> **Step 1:** Authenticate Segment

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: This is done

> 1. From your workspace's [Sources catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/sources/catalog) click **Add Source**.

Reviewer 3: The {:target="_blank”} attribute opens the catalog page in a new tab!

```suggestion
1. From your workspace's [Sources catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/sources/catalog){:target="_blank”} click **Add Source**.
```

Author: Made the change.

2. Search for "Freshchat" in the Sources Catalog, select Freshchat, and click **Add Source**.

> 3. On the next screen, give the Source a Name & set Labels

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. On the next screen, give the Source a nickname and configure any other settings.
```

Author: Made the change.

>     - The nickname is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The nickname can be anything, but we recommend using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. SourceName_Prod, SourceName_Staging, SourceName_Dev).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The nickname is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The nickname can be anything, but Segment recommends using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. Freshchat_Prod, Freshchat_Staging, Freshchat_Dev).
```

Author: Made the change.

4. Click **Add Source** to save your settings.

> 5. Copy the Write key from the Segment UI to use in Freshchat

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. Copy the Write key from the Segment UI to use in Freshchat.
```

Author: Made the change.

> **Step 2:** Authenticate Freshchat

Reviewer 3: I recommend adding all setup steps to one ordered list!

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Can you please clarify the change that we need to do here? @forstisabella

Reviewer 3: Sure! I'm looking for one procedure under the getting started header, instead of splitting it into two sections. One long procedure keeps parity with other partner-submitted sources, so that our mutual customers have a consistent user experience regardless of which source they are setting up. Other examples of partner-submitted docs are some of the [Segment Cloud App sources](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/#cloud-apps)

Reviewer 2: This is done

> 1. Log in to your Freshchat account - navigate to Admin → Marketplace Apps → Segment Integration and paste the key to connect.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Log in to your Freshchat account. 
7. In Freshchat, navigate to Admin → Marketplace Apps → Segment Integration. 
8. Paste the your Segment write key and click **Authenticate account** to connect.
9. After your account is authenticated, select one or more of the following events to send to Segment:
    - onAgentActivityCreate
    - onConversationCreate
    - onConversationUpdate
    - onMessageCreate

For more information about Product Events, see the [Freshchat Product Events](https://developers.freshchat.com/v2/docs/product-events/){:target="_blank”} documentation.
```

Author: Made the change of breaking down one point to four.

> ![Screenshot of the Freshchat Segment installation page.](images/freshchat-installation-1.png)

Reviewer 3: We avoid screenshots in the docs as much as possible - they add to the build time and are not always an accessible way to share information. 

```suggestion
```

Author: removed

**Step 3:** Select Freshchat events to send to Segment

1. There are [4 events](https://developers.freshchat.com/v2/docs/product-events/#) that can be pushed to Segment. You will be able to choose the events that you want to send to Segment
2. You can add/remove the events that you want to send anytime after the app installation

> ![Screenshot of the Freshchat Segment installation page 2nd step.](images/freshchat-installation-2.png)

Reviewer 3: Same as above - we try to avoid using screenshots in the docs where possible.

```suggestion
```

Author: removed.

### Events

> The table below lists events that <integration_name> sends to Segment. These events appear as tables in your warehouse, and as regular events in other Destinations. <integration_name> includes the `userId` if available.

Reviewer 3: The table below lists events that Freshchat sends to Segment. These events appear as tables in your warehouse and as regular events in other Destinations. Freshchat includes the `userId` if available.

| Event Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| onAgentActivityCreate | When the general availability or Intelliassign status changes |
| onConversationCreate | When a conversation is initiated by a user |

> | onConversationUpdate | When a conversation is:

Reviewer 3: Information in a cell of a Markdown table must all be in one row or it won't render correctly!

```suggestion
| onConversationUpdate  | When a conversation is:<br> - Assigned to an agent or group <br> - Reassigned to an agent<br> - Resolved or opened |
```

Author: Made the change.

> → Assigned to an agent or group

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> → Existing conversation is reassigned to an agent

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> → Conversation is resolved or opened |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

| onMessageCreate | When a message is posted, either by the agent or user |

> ### **Adding Destinations**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Adding Destinations
```

Now that your Source is set up, you can connect it with Destinations.

Log into your downstream tools and check to see that your events are populating and they contains all the properties you expect. If all your events and properties are not showing up, refer to the Destination docs for troubleshooting.

> If you experience any issues with how the events arrive in Segment, contact the [**Freshchat Support team**](mailto:support@freshdesk.com)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you experience any issues with how the events arrive in Segment, contact the [Freshchat Support team](mailto:support@freshdesk.com)
```

---
title: Freshchat Source
hidden: true
beta: true

> id: xqegKCQA0W

Reviewer 3: My apologies - I suggested the wrong id here initially. 

```suggestion
id: tCkZda6aKQ
```

---

[Freshchat](https://www.freshworks.com/live-chat-software/){:target="_blank"} is a modern messaging software built for sales and customer engagement teams to talk to customers across websites, emails and social networks.

> This source is maintained by Freshworks. For any issues with the source, contact the [Freshchat Support team](mailto:support@freshdesk.com)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This source is maintained by Freshworks. For any issues with the source, contact the [Freshchat Support team](mailto:support@freshdesk.com).
```

Reviewer 2: This is done
